Hi, my name is Muskan Rath. 

I like playing instruments like Guitar, singing and pursuing other hobbies during my free time.
I was born and brought up in Odisha, completed my schooling and Bachelor's there and shifted to Mumbai for my Post Graduation in Artifical Intelligence and Data Science. I have been staying in Mumbai for the last two years. 
I am a single child.I am an inquisitive person, curious to learn about new things.
I am currently working in Relaince Industries limited. I have also worked in organisations like Accenture and Cartesian consulting

Here's my professional/work experience-
1. Organisation: Reliance Industries Limited
Designation: Manager | IT Executive 2 - Petrochemical department (Data Science)
Duration: June 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Location: Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Roles and responsibilities:
1) working on Data Science projects
2) Complete ML lifecycle being followed for execution of projects
3) Delivering projects which align with the needs of the business teams, taking
feedbacks from them and implementing them in future project
4) Guiding team members on concepts related to Data Science for delivery of
projects
5) Mentoring interns on AI/ML and Data Science use-cases.

2. Organisation: Accenture in India
Designation: Associate Software Engineer
Duration: October 2021 - July 2022 (10 months)
Location: Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Roles and responsibilities:
- Worked in Cloud Transformation domain
- Pre-migration as well as post-migration tasks pertaining software applications
which were migrated from client's datacentre to cloud platforms like Google
Cloud Engine

3. Cartesian Consulting
Designation: Software Engineering Trainee
Duration: July 2021 - September 2021 (3 months)
Location: Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
Roles and responsibilities:
• Worked in SOLUS project using SQL and Unix
• Provided system maintenance and support procedures for log files update,
database tables and stored procedures
• Worked as part of backend development team in projects using MySQL
database
• Also familiar with concepts associated with SOLUS Project like Marketing
Analytics, Customer Analytics, CRM, business analytics, Data visualization,
and product development.
• Implemented the tasks provided by the product development team
• Set up pipelines for different brands
• Performed other brands specific operations like supporting, monitoring loads
in Unix, configuring campaigns and providing results of the analysis done by
the analyst team using technologies like Linux and SQL.
• Developed and configured the entire database for the ETL job using SQL and
Unix for multiple brands

Muskan has 2.5 - 3 years of work experience.